Per focuses on exams, back again in january

Discussions between Crystal and Irina on developing rules works fine. We continue with these sprints
We work on the Pig Valley use case to present in February 2019 - Per

Irina and Michel discuss a use case that could bring is one step further.
We agree on that we need more specific questions from Equinor what they would like to reason about.

We need many small rules, that can explain one specific thing very good and which can be chained together (a bit like Unix, where many small commands can be piped together)
Jens can use these to massage them i local formalization (is this correctly expressed?)

Oliver (programmer) will be allocated to the project as a front-end developer in 2019.
